Freaking awesome!
my phone is broken if u tried messaging me oops
interesting stats for melee (smash 4 as well)
In a town called Stamps.....
24-0 but waaaay too close for comfort!
Happy Birthday to Hannah Stagner, the best "little" sister the world has ever seen! Miss you bunches!
Someone dj Lightning bolt at berghain
I just saw 5 zebras
I hate birds because they understand our benevolent lizard overlords.
‪#‎whereami‬
what i learned from brave new world: nothing.
While Abdullah "The Warrior King" al-Hussein II (I'm not kidding, a news site actually called him that) isn't personally going out and bombing ISIS strongholds, that doesn't lessen the importance of Jordan joining the fight. A alarming number of people have asked me "well why don't more middle eastern countries go fight ISIS if they're so unrepresentative of islam?" Well here you go, no need to point to occasional UAE/Qatari airstrikes, Jordan is going all out and now amassing troops on the Iraqi border.
Also as I always say, good to see another country actually taking action insofar as international security goes without having the USA drag them in kicking and screaming.
new smash bros strategy: go into the tournament wearing the most skimpy clothes i can find. distract all dudes with my booty. crush them all. leave with cash and the satisfaction of winning.
"Why do you want to go to the beach it's cold outside?"
Three words
Indoor. Heated. Pool.
Lol The green lantern one was my fav, so use that one
Strange man asked me out today because I was "a cute gamer girl"
i have the cutest butt of all please pay attention to it
if i dont respond to your text, its probably because my phone is deciding not to recieve texts right now. fuck
my phone is revolting. viva la samsung
Im in love with this movie, its my new favorite god it even has FEEEEELS heart emoticon AND SUPER HEROES, AGHHHH
The fuck am I gonna do? Its too late to start over.
Me: WHERE THE FUCK IS MY- Object: *falls on the floor so hard it wakes China up* Me: Found it
all these guys have been saying shit like "i need you" and im here just like i need cake
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone. For the first birthday ever, I feel old! Make it stop!
AM I A WOMF??
Hey! Does anyone want/need to go to ikea any time soon? (Like the next two weeks maybe) ALSO CHARLOTTE FRIENDS DO YOU GUYS WANNA SEE ME AND IKEA AT THE SAME TIME?
Dank Times with the Memer Delux Parker Darlington. These pictures were taken eons ago.
Oh, how I love, Love! Had to write it out... It's been a while
You are FAILING, Georgia.
It's a small world!!!!
Shouldn't have even gone to work today. No point.
even when i was 13 i had the right idea except now i want kisses from everyone
happy birthday amigo!!! i hope your birthday was amazing and wonderful like you!!! c:
Happy birthday!
Doing an if comparison on a pointer-to-char and an int and then discarding the result...all because it's the easiest solution to get around some of C's warnings
Tomorrow is election day. Be ‪#‎ONEWAC‬ by checking your email and voting! (Also select the option that reads, "Charles Logan")
I had a few things come in the mail today...
Good for belly laugh
And for my next hair color..... Natural!
10 pages (and 3300 words) of style complaints from Jenkins. Success?
2 and a half miles on the treadmill tonight  then to finish my night with yoga and some Sherlock Holmes reading 
Nik's philosophy " Love is like a microwaved peach, warm, fuzzy, and kinda weird"
Well done, Mr. Carson! Well done, indeed!!!
Not very happy with work right now. I miss you Art.
I'm refusing to download FB messenger simply because it's too nosy...and annoying.
I just made vegetable soup  ‪#‎proudmoment‬
Half stoked, half bummed
Man... I never thought I would ever say this but.... I love me some of The Walking Dead! 
AHH! Four inch memory foam bed topper-- I MISS YOU
there is nothing that pisses me off more than being accused of dumb shit. I am the one who works and supports my son, what are YOU doing?! Nothing. I don't have time to do shit else so screw off
Who said you can't be fabulous when having a bad hair day 💁
First day back at school I took my morning duty very seriously!
"I’m proud of my Greek affiliation, and I’ll be dammed if I let some idiots take that away from me."
Verizon roof.
This sure is bright.
nice to see my childhood home town is getting recognized!
My proudest achievement of my trivia playing life 
Cannafest, Europe's largest festival dedicated to growing and cultivating that good ole Jesus grass.
The idea of a group of prison guards brutally beating a helpless inmate and then being able to quit their job to avoid any sort of legal punishment is troubling, to say the least.
New ‪#‎katespade‬ purse! Because sometimes you just have to treat yourself.
Lol
Yeesss!!!
I'm trying, rather without success, to put Windows 95 on my Nexus 7. I don't remember it being so hard on previous Android devices.
I just wanna eat alll dayyyy. I cant stop thinking about food lol.
If you are a woman, and you voted or will vote Republican, I am extremely sorry that you are so ignorant about the state of American politics at the moment.
Time to enjoy my weekend with my girls
Protip: if the door is locked...it's not open
Of all the tests ive taken in school, this wine test was the absolute hardest test ive ever encountered. But I passed that bitch with a 100 after taking it three times. yessssssssss
i was a huge massive attack fan but damn i am really loving tricky's solo stuff
SO grateful to have spent the last 15 weeks with these beautiful women!
Groomsmen mugshot ‪
Cool take me with you please, it's been too long since I got to visit
What a sunny day!
My only one, 
Seeing unfriended! So excited! 30 minutes early though... No so excited.
I'm changing my major to Snake Milking
cool, parkour is cool, therefore, listen!
Once I hit my bed.. it just be over lol
Starting to watch 3rd Rock From the Sun 
I am so happy that finally agreed to cosplay waluigi!!!
This is sweet!!
Four years ago today. Can you believe it, girls?
It's so true, your dominant thoughts create your world.
So happy! So pleased!
Babe alert.
When this gets developed... take my money
Hope to see you there tomorrow! Any and all kids/teens/adults. 
I wish i had more friends that were into Oceans Ate Alaska 
French lessons!
Bees
The pet store near my home will be selling prairie dogs next week????
Thanks for nothing Tom Nook
Love my pledge class so much! Can't believe it's already Senior Week!
My new hat is a hater. 
Thanks for being the salt to my pepper & my bff! I heart you lots!
I found this crappy knockoff of my profile pic idk who photoshopped out my glasses and stache but they did a bad job I can see the pixels
sometimes i look good
